little fairy, same as Williams. You're gonna pay your federal taxes. Your
state taxes could be deferred if your estate not working in the
state that you resigned your whole record. So this is for merely my
home record. Woz, New York City. One reason Brooklyn. So, New York state.
Well, then I left New York for 15 years. I was not in New York.
So for 15 years, I didn't pay state income tax. It depends on your
whole record. You need to be familiar with that. Oh, and I would check
the back. And also, when you retire, some states do not. Tax military
pensions in New York state does not tax a military, So I don't
mind firing right now. Manhattan, It's expensive, but outside of the
city. So that's the thing to look at. Two is where you serving your
last tour? Oh, and if you're serving overseas, there are exceptions
for federal attacks too. So when in doubt, ask your dispersing officer,
will he or she will help you with that